now I'm in charge tonight so I can do
whatever I want
and tonight I want to give away some
prizes so before the show we randomly
selected two members of our studio
audience who have no idea that they are
about to play a game
can I have please Zoe brown and Sarah
patina
[Applause]
[Music]
hi are you Sara
very nice to meet you don't worry these
are this is a professional sound man not
a Rando creeper don't worry it's per
microphone professional stuff here where
are you from I'm from Indiana
Oh fantastic I'm from the Midwest as
well Detroit where you from uh LA
hey I live here now okay
well what are you guys do for a living
I'm a student fantastic student
fantastic guys keep it up keep it up
um have you guys seen the movie frozen
yeah pretty good because if you had nose
with me like what is wrong with you okay
this game is called the fast and the
frozen
with fros and gowns Zoey will be Elsa
Sarah will be on uh the better one when
yeah mo over here blows his tiny horn
your job will be to run out of the
theater and down onto Hollywood
Boulevard okay and there among all the
filthy Elmo's sweaty spider men and
homeless SpongeBob's there will be one
handsome Kristoff now this is Christoph
to refresh your memory he was my
boyfriend in the movie now the first
person to find Christoph bring him back
here to the studio win some fabulous
prizes are you ready okay and then on
the count of three Guillermo you blow
that tiny horn and you guys go one two
three go
[Music]
[Applause]
I could tell you by something
I just lied okay it's not a game Sara's
high school prom is coming up in a few
weeks
oh I know right and one of her
classmates a boy named Michael asked us
to help him prom posed to her so we got
Sarah's family there's there's family I
Sarah's family is very gullible right
because the tickets are free here
they're all free tickets
Zoey our other girl is an actress so
she's halfway home by now oh and Michael
is out on the boulevard sweating it out
in that Kristoff costume sarah has no
idea it's him cousin Sal is also out
there just to make sure she doesn't
accidentally bring back Darth Vader's
now to make things even more dramatic
Michael and Sarah have never been on a
date before Sarah has no idea Michael is
asking her to prom
this could go terribly wrong you got to
admit it would be great teammate right
okay I think here she comes
there's two staircases so it's gonna be
a bit but also I don't know how many
Christoph's are out there so I really
hope to god that does it just occurring
to me that there could be another
Christoph in which case maybe she's
going somewhere very different than prom
I don't know
[Music]
[Applause]
Kristof it's good to see you again
so Sara that means you win the prize
package Sara
there's something I wanted to ask you
but but I didn't know the words so
Kristen Bell's gonna help me
I want you to think about this okay
don't answer until I'm done sir do you
wanna be his prom date my girl wants so
much for you to go because if you say no
he'll have to take his mom it knows
you're just school buddies but what
really cute he's asking you to be his
prom date in front of millions of people
if you say no this will be awkward
yes
[Applause]
[Music]
kind of like Michael Cera
you guys will be receiving a Kristen
Bell live prom package including a glam
session for Sarah a tux rental for
Michael a stretch limo for both of you
and a case appear
[Music]
[Applause]
congratulations do you love clicking
buttons and subscribing to things then
click the button to subscribe to my
channel and you'll finally be happy